Macromedia Flash Local Content Updater Software License
Copyright (c) 2003 Macromedia, Inc. All rights reserved.

Definitions:

"Contribution" means: (a) the Original Software and (b) in the case of
a Contributor, any changes or additions to the Software.

"Contributor" means Macromedia, Inc. and any other entity that
modifies or distributes the Software.

"Original Software" means the original version of the software
contributed by Macromedia.

"Software" means the Original Software and Contributions.

Redistribution and use in source or object code forms of the Software,
with or without modification, are permitted provided that the
following conditions are met:

1. Redistributions of the Software must retain the above copyright
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED
WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT
ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL MACROMEDIA INC. OR THE CONTRIBUTORS
BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF
SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR
BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY,
WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN
IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

2. Each Contributor hereby grants a license under its patents to use
and distribute its Contribution only to the extent necessary to use
and distribute that Contribution in the form in which it was
originally contributed by such Contributor. Except as expressly set
forth herein, no rights or licenses are granted or to be implied.

3. As a condition of receiving the rights set forth above, you
acknowledge and agree that although the Contributors are granting the
above rights with respect to their own intellectual property in the
Contribution provided, no assurances are provided that the Software or
any particular use thereof does not infringe the rights of any other
entity.  Each Contributor disclaims any liability for infringement of
any other entity's rights, or otherwise, based on your use,
modification or distribution of the Software.  As a condition of the
rights granted hereunder, you assume sole responsibility for securing
any other intellectual property rights needed, if any.

4. The end-user documentation included with the redistribution, if
any, must include the following acknowledgment: "This product includes
software developed by Macromedia, Inc. (http://www.macromedia.com) and
others.  All rights reserved."  Alternately, this acknowledgment may
appear in the Software itself, if and wherever such third-party
acknowledgments normally appear.

5. The name "Macromedia" must not be used to endorse or promote
products derived from this software without prior written permission.

6. Products derived from this software may not have "Macromedia"
appear in their name, without prior written permission of Macromedia,
Inc.
